# Terms of Service
Your Acceptance By using or visiting the TheApp website or any TheApp products, software, data feeds, and services provided to you on, from, or through the TheApp website, you signify your agreement to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to any of these terms please do not use the Service. This Service is provided by TheApp on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis and TheApp reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the Service, in its sole discretion, at any time and without notice. You agree to be bound by such modifications. TheApp is and will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Service.

### Service 
These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Service, including users who are also contributors to Content on the Service. “Content” may include the text, software, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features, and other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to the Service. The Service includes all aspects of TheApp, including but not limited to all products, software, and services offered via the TheApp website and mobile devices applications. The Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by TheApp. TheApp has no control over and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites. In addition, TheApp will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Service, you expressly relieve TheApp from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other websites that you visit.

### Disclaimer of Warranties 
The service is provided 'as is. TheApp and its suppliers, licensors, and affiliate companies hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither TheApp nor its suppliers and licensors make any warranty that the service will be error-free or that access will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the App Store at your own discretion and risk.

### Limitation of Liability 
In no event will TheApp, or its suppliers or licensors, be liable with respect to any subject matter of this agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement or substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that increase the fees paid by you to TheApp under this agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the date the cause of the action accrues. TheApp shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond their reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

### Website Blocker Pro Subscription
With a Website Blocker Pro subscription, you have access to all features from Website Blocker. Website Blocker Pro subscription is billed annually, monthly or weekly at the rate corresponding to the selected plan. Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase. To cancel your subscription, you can go to your device Settings -> iTunes & App Store, tap your Apple ID, tap View Apple ID, tap Subscriptions, and click on Cancel Subscription for the app. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable. All fees and charges are non-refundable. If you would like to cancel your subscription or switch to another premium service package, please contact us. You warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish the contents. You agree not to publish and create any premium listings for content that violate our Terms of Service. Lilucat has the right to remove the listings without any prior notice and fees or charges will not be refunded. You understand that your subscription or access to the contents of the Site will be suspended if you violate the Terms of Service. Suspended accounts will not be restored and fees or charges will not be refunded.

### General Use of the Service 
TheApp hereby grants you permission to access and use the Service as set forth in these Terms of Service, provided that: You agree not to distribute in any medium any part of the Service or the Content without TheApp's prior written authorization unless TheApp makes available the means for such distribution through functionality offered by the Service. You agree not to alter or modify any part of the Service. You agree not to access Content through any technology or means other than the download page of the Service itself or other explicitly authorized means TheApp may designate.

You agree not to use the Service for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain TheApp's prior written approval:

* the sale of access to the Service; the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions placed on or within the Service or Content; or the sale of advertising, sponsorships, or promotions on any page of an ad-enabled blog or website containing Content delivered via the Service, unless other material not obtained from TheApp appears on the same page and is of sufficient value to be the basis for such sales.

Prohibited commercial uses do not include:

* uploading an original material to TheApp, or maintaining an original profile on TheApp, to promote your business or enterprise; any use that TheApp expressly authorizes in writing.

* You agree not to create posts, publish or distribute content to TheApp of any kind that is, within the sole discretion of TheApp, determined to be commercial, illegal, offensive or potentially harmful to others including but not limited to content that:

Infringes upon the rights of any third party, including but not limited to copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets, design rights, moral rights or other third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights. Files/contents should not contain third-party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third-party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant TheApp all of the license rights granted herein; Promotes the infringement of copyright or other third-party rights, e.g. providing a list of hyperlinks to websites that contain pirated software or media files, hacking/cracking, etc.; Contains improper, incorrect and fake contents in any way that contents are with a different preview and incorrect title; Is duplicated or contains the same files and contents that already exist on TheApp; Contains software viruses or any other malicious computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or alter the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment owned by another party; Is offensive, abusive, threatening, harassing, stalking, promoting violence, racism, harm, hatred or bigotry against any group or individual; Is libelous, defamatory or promotes information that you know is false or illegal; Violates the privacy of others, including but not limited to posting the photograph of another person without that person's consent; Solicits information from anyone under the age of 18; Is pornographic, sexually explicit or contains nudity; Is or contains an advertisement, a marketing initiative, solicitation of a business, or otherwise significantly connected with any commercial purpose; Is unlawful or illegal, criminal or tortuous in nature (such as child pornography, fraud, gambling).

In your use of the Service, you will comply with all applicable laws.

### TheApp reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the Service at any time.
